How to start the django project..
-> open a terminal windows and navigate to the project's root directory - new folder
-> kickstart using django's administrative module manage.py, e.g;
C:\Users\HP py manage.py runserver
click the localhost server now running i.e http://127.0.0.1:8000 or localhost:8000
-> you will now be routed to the index page of the project


To implement the role based user interaction, i need to be working on new page templates for the lecturers

1. I'm going to be need a template for the user to write a full scale profile that will be displayed per course in the course details page( and also in the instructors profile page..probably implement instructors page later)

2. A page for instructors to upload material..handbooks, youtube vids, i'll automtamically handles how they will be displayed and updated to courses

3. Include links that sends user to that gives a collapsable brief overview of that topic within the whole material(handout in this case)

Please i need this in like 3 days we are doing presentation again this week😥..system architecture plus project progress..please bro




After i being assessed by my lecturer and reviewed here's the next steps of the overall project with the system architecture, her review and my  outline to acheive...

HER REVIEW: 
"That the whole project's problem is based on the architecture we picked.. 
That the robust architecture should be sub divided to the different model level and represent led to get a overview of the entire structure before implementing it.. 

- User interaction/general system architecture I should use  " Use case model " 
Where 
Arrow connector from student/admin to register
Lecturer for actions to upload material, create and grade test with question and time, q/a.. Each session for every lecturer.. 
In general interaction modules/nodes between the different roles.. 

- content delivery on learning - data model
How the content will be relayed to the student
Once they open a course.. They will have the clickable topics.."